h1. rah_nocache

p. "Project page":http://rahforum.biz/plugins/rah_nocache | "Twitter":http://twitter.com/gocom | "GitHub":https://github.com/gocom/rah_nocache | "Support forum":http://forum.textpattern.com/viewtopic.php?id=30963 | "Donate":http://rahforum.biz/donate/rah_nocache

p. Rah_nocache is a simple plugin for "Textpattern CMS":http://www.textpattern.com which tries to prevent client-side and proxy caching of admin-side editor forms by sending no-cache HTTP response headers. The plugin tries to remove all unwanted browser and proxy caching that could break admin-side panels functionality by redirecting requests to your local cache instead of showing the live pages. Usually important control panels and dynamically changing, informative pages shouldn't be cached, but should contain the most up-to-date information.

p. Getting rah_nocache up and running is super simple. Just upload the plugin to your Textpattern installation and activate it. Zero configuration or extra steps required.

h2. Requirements

p. Rah_nocache's minimum requirements:

* Textpattern 4.5.0 or newer.

h2. Installing

p. Rah_nocache's installation follows the standard plugin installation steps.

# Download the plugin installation code.
# Copy and paste the installation code into the _Install plugin_ box of your Textpattern Plugin pane.
# Run the automated setup.
# After the setup is done, activate the plugin. Done.

p. The plugin is now installed and activated, and is doing its job.

h2. Changelog

h3. Version 0.4.0 - upcoming

* Improved: HTML5 validity.
* Improved: Prevents caching on Ajax, asynchronous and other script responses.
* Now requires Textpattern 4.5.0 or newer.

h3. Version 0.3 - 2012/07/12

* Improved: Some minor clean up, and updated to new source structure.

h3. Version 0.2 - 2011/10/30

* Added: License to the header comment block.
* Added: Some comments to the code.
* Updated: Help file.

h3. Version 0.1 - 2009/06/03

* Initial release.